[Pages] Fix broken links (#1777)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/framework-guides/elderjs.md

# Deploy an Elder.js site

[Elder.js](https://elderguide.com/tech/elderjs/) is an SEO-focused framework for building static sites with [Svelte](framework-guides/deploy-a-svelte-site).

> In this guide, you'll create a new Elder.js application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages.

Author: ```suggestion
In this guide, you will create a new Elder.js application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages.
```

# Deploy an Elder.js site

> [Elder.js](https://elderguide.com/tech/elderjs/) is an SEO-focused framework for building static sites with [Svelte](framework-guides/deploy-a-svelte-site).

Author: ```suggestion
[Elder.js](https://elderguide.com/tech/elderjs/) is an SEO-focused framework for building static sites with [Svelte](/framework-guides/deploy-a-svelte-site).
```
